when my fellow YouTubers need help they
know who to
call not them me and based on
electroboom setup he should have done it
a long time ago you have 6 million
subscribers and you make your videos on
this laptop it's oozing goo and the
power adapter looks like a fire hazard
Don't Unplug it the battery is dead oh
you shut down the computer now well no
more Jes and llen electroboom is getting
an upgrade courtesy of origin PC who is
sponsoring this video and will be giving
away one of their PCS to one of our
lucky viewers as for you dude we've got
everything we've got a computer a NZ a
TV a camera streaming gear I knew if I
believed in Santa his elf would show
up how are we going to get this all in
the room how about we just don't give
you all of
it
what uh or maybe we could give you all
of it but you have to earn it please sir
ah what did he say before we get started
on the room upstairs we want to take a
look at what we're working with and this
is your network closet and there's
more you know not bad everything's
tucked away the place looks amazing but
it's actually got a fair amount of tech
in it Nest thermostats got uh wait no I
have a Wi-Fi for upstairs and a
different one for downstairs uh that's
not good oh what's wrong with that we're
going to get all that sorted out with
some gear from ubiquity you'll just
automatically roam between all the
different access points and one name for
the entire house one name for the entire
house everyone will be named medy ah
great and they'll all have eyebrows like
this that works but a question that I
have is there's so much stuff here are
you planning to share any of it with the
other medy who live here you know what I
mean you have a family right I do but I
mean I keep as much as I can for
myself we got you a desktop what do you
need the framework laptop for oh that
one that what I think my daughter can
use that one although I also dropped
mine I don't
know I also have a problem with that now
you would think that since lonus is an
investor in framework he would know
every inner working about the laptop but
medy I want you to put him to the test I
bought dog shot collars cuz I didn't
think you had enough gear already it
goes from a zero to a
100 every minute you're adding one medy
once he gets the boot you hit the button
what
I get shocked no matter what I do yes
sir I would do anything for my craft ow
ow hey you're not allowed to press the
button yet yeah just just testing you
know we have to do a test run always I
started the timer you better get on what
you start the timer yeah it working
still can you not it's still working yes
you're not allowed to Slow Me Down what
is this a notebook well the DIY Edition
comes with everything disassembled so
you have to put it together yourself
that way you could choose if you wanted
to bring your own Ram or your own SD if
you build it if you build it yourself
the first time can you not stop throwing
stuff around okay then you will be amply
prepared for any repairs or upgrades
that you might want to do in the future
how's two you're supposed to wait till
the end wait till the end no wait till
the end here you unbox this make
yourself useful okay ID the Idle Hands
Devil's play thing and all that gone
with 16 gigs of ddr4 from crucial ESD
protected or something am I not going to
break it uh I wouldn't guarantee that
yeah should I test to see if it is prot
no no no
oh personally I like to have the mouse
on the right and so I don't like to have
my usba on the ow ow damn that really
hurts stop dropping my stuff okay ow
okay I'm turning it on I'm turning
it
uhoh power adapter give me the power
adapter I had nothing to do with that
yay go ahead hit him
just just eight that's all all it took
ow damn
ow well that's really intense oh let let
me see how it feels on the
neck what the hell that was I told
you no one should buy this thing I'm
fine with you know consenting adults
playing around with this but putting
this on a dog not cool your neck is red
yeah because he hit it like four times
yeah what this is the red too so it's
okay that was very fun and I'm not upset
at all incidentally Elijah I've got a
few tasks for you they're not going to
be a lot of fun okay can you figure out
the monitor mounts yep you can put
together the chair yep and uh can you
figure out the TV wall mount I don't
want to mount to TV that'd be great
thanks yes sir and take care I always
try meanwhile a wild Jake appears hi I
see we are fixing up the networking we
got a Poe switch that's that's not a Poe
switch oh no this is that 10 this is the
10 gig one does he need a 10 gig switch
for for the nas so that'll live in his
office oh and then the network closets
are going to get a Poe switch and some
access points yeah I'm trying to figure
out what makes the most sense he has a
lot of cables in there right now and I
have like the exact amount I need
probably these things are sick have you
seen these before no what is this this
is a U6 inwall Enterprise it's a 2.5 gig
Wi-Fi 6E access point but it also has a
switch on the bottom that's so cool and
the switch also has Poe passw we don't
need that but these are like the best
thing ever for behind a TV not that we
would normally recommend putting an
access point behind a large metal object
necessarily but if it's kind of nearby
or if it's only serving a very small
area it's a super clean way to ins I
have them behind my TVs and they're
totally
fine meanwhile medy have you ever built
a computer before nope broken computers
before you are going to build a computer
usually you start with the motherboard
uh is that the motherboard absolutely
this is going to be for your Nas origin
sponsored this video so they sent over a
sick gaming editing PC you don't have to
worry about any of that you're doing
great so far do you need some guy smells
new valve just issued a warning about
this and I was like who would who needs
this warning about what smelling the
board yes I always smell my board
smelling the exhaust of their
devices that's how you know if your
board is broken or not right out of the
gate this is a little bit of a hard mode
build because this very unusual
motherboard from ASRock rack has an am4
socket for the CPU so that's for AMD but
it comes with a back plate and a cooler
mounting pattern that would be for Intel
so in order to get a cooler on this
thing Jake had to pry this back plate
off which was glued thank you very much
ASRock rack and he knocked off this
resistor what I want a refund
sure thank
you traditionally the first thing we
install is a CPU what is this oh that's
a fan that's the cooler but remember
this doesn't fit on here
because Intel mounting okay I need to
supervise what's going on here these
pins don't touch it where's the gold
there's a gold oh there this is yes and
that goes with the triangle but you got
to lift up the arm first oh lift up the
arm first yeah
yeah okay arm goes down computer belt
this is a really special SSD that uses
what what's called optane which is a
really high endurance kind of storage
it's kind of in between storage and Ram
uh and make you go faster that's good
you are not putting in a screw with your
hand no you have what is in my humble
opinion the world's finest ratcheting
magnetic screwdriver there you
go this is a really cool case from
John's B it's the N3 it's super small I
think it looks flipping awesome and and
it can
fit up to eight hard drives in the
default configurations you're doing
awesome well I'm an electrical
engineer I can do anything oh crap we
haven't actually put the cooler on yet
wait you guys are using our cable
management stuff right yep that's the
goal okay good cuz we have new cable
management products that are have been
awesome this guy right here onto this
header right there okay okay first
thermal compound though okay hold on
whoa whoaa okay that's Lots can't
believe you've never built a computer
before this is so fun well I'm having
fun still not
in how tight do I make it I just keep
going just keep going breaks wait hold
on it looks like this hold down is bent
I just eyeballed it you did great don't
worry about it it's all okay well this
is bent but that was probably from you
I'm sorry I mean I don't think it was
there before I mean it's your computer
you can do whatever you want hit it fix
it that's okay there you go like new
normally you would just do this up the
the whole way but because of the weird
janky mounting mechanism on this
motherboard we're not going to do that
and if we overtighten this we're going
to flex the bottom of the socket down
potentially deforming or breaking those
traces I have personally killed
motherboards like this that have sort of
weird mounting mechanisms not realizing
that it was being overtightened because
that's not typically how it works this
is a pretty cool board it'll take up to
two 110 mm M do2s so you can get some
higher capacity or high performance
perance ones that are a little longer
than the standard 80 mil and while it
doesn't have an onboard pcie switch that
allows you to just use it in any slot
you want this one requires a motherboard
that supports bif foration they do have
one like that as well so appreciate you
startech thanks for sending this
over now that that's done it seems like
this is a perfect opportunity to show
you the system that origin PC sent over
it's really light check it out oh my God
what
okay what did they put in there yeah no
it's fine here here we'll just we'll
just rest it here on this side we're
looking at uh 14900 K so that's a 24
core processor we've got 32 gigs of ddr5
memory an RTX
490 so this is as powerful as it gets
whether you're video editing or do you
play games at all not really I I play
tatri like I said before Corsair kitted
this thing out with a whole bunch of
their ey Q Link RGB no no this is just
the beginning just just just just just
just wait for it wait for it things are
going to get it has its own display yeah
things are going to get crazy in here
what happens if I open this tab here H
don't please I can drink no it will
drain the system all this stuff links up
together with dramatically simplified
cabling compared to previous RGB
Solutions and that was a big thing that
Corin origin PC wanted us to talk about
because it is simpler than ever to wire
up a system like this in the past you
would have had to be an electrical
engineer to set up some of the RGB
setups that I've seen in the past but
this is relatively straightforward like
the fans for example just clip in
together and then you just plug in the
one end and all the RGB signaling and
power just runs through that click-in
connector can you play Tetris on that
thing someone's probably done it but I
don't think it's supported by default as
weird as it is to put a unibrow on the
CPU Cooler origin PC is giving you a
chance to do the exact same thing that's
right you can win in the PC we gave
Electro boom including that core I 914
900k and an RTX 490 all you need to do
is follow the link on your screen or
head to the first link in the
description for your chance to win then
you'll be able to put whatever you want
on the CPU Cooler screen thanks again
origin PC now back to the video I think
we need to answer a lot of questions
about where things go before we go any
further I had a plan before you came but
now there's no room for anything can be
mounted on a ceiling or something what
are you even building what is that looks
like a decapitated drill which one that
that's a time bomb I made it for one of
my videos I guess it's an improvement
from your projects where it just blows
up without a timer yeah at least you can
anticipate on the volage maybe we need
to move them some things out before we
bring anything in about that's a good
idea I guess hey lonus if you think it's
too much stuff do you want to challenge
into a game so he doesn't have to keep
it all two colors you guys will choose
randomly which one you're going to have
mhm I'm going to hit the button
that's the game that's not a game yes it
is yeah we are going to put it on the
lower settings so are you sure yeah okay
wait no shoot ah crap no I I just lost
the game all righty we're starting with
10 what 10 no no
no thank God all right one one round
give me the callers back oh we which one
do you guys want you guys can argue I'm
letting him pick this time doesn't
matter here you go all right hold on
right it's on okay but we
but we each hold each other's oh do we
sure yeah that way you won't hold back
are you sure you want to do 10 yeah
we'll do 10 3 2 a dang it it's me again
ow thank God it wasn't me do you want to
do you want to do three of five I mean
I'm losing so I guess so I can still win
this and then I don't have to give them
all the stuff and then you don't have to
set up all the stuff I'm just trying to
say that maybe there's an incentive for
you no
three ow my NE muscles I can still win
this which one do you guys want oh
you're just going to take the one in
that hand I mean do you guys want to
switch statistically it's like better to
switch or something right that's only if
that's the three-o paragra yes right
that's what they want you to believe
okay all right okay oh my God please
don't go a dang it I lose I give up I
yielded I yield take as much stuff as
you want this thing is so cool but it
has no way to mount it I mean maybe I
maybe it does I didn't read the manual
but um yeah
oh LT Cable Management thinks and then
we'll just put these little plates in
the thing and when you want to take this
off if you have something bigger that
it'll fit on this ended up being a
little on the short side so this is more
for power bricks this is the one you
want to use so the cable tie goes on
here there's a little lip right there
grabs the end then uh I don't know you
can mount anything you want
realistically so let's say scale uh
banana you just wrap it around and then
Bippity
bity magnetic banana how's it going
Colin you're enjoying your assembly
time did you want to put some shelves
there maybe or maybe you can put shelves
under this and then stuff go in front of
it is this always your decision-making
process this is uh wow this takes a long
time yeah it does it do we have the
first of your monitors though Zenon
these are OLED 27 in and they do 240
frames a second for the gaming you said
you don't do but it's totally fine these
are actually amazing monitors and we
have two of them for you so we're get
these going here is your shelf we're
going to do one here then about halfway
to the top we're going to do one more
and then we're going to do another one
there oh that's great and you're going
to have so much more storage I have my
beautiful tiny St
binder oh this is one of those magnetic
ones
yes hey we found a St actually found a
yeah that's perfect I would to put this
here o is it not too close to the door
it's a little on the tight side and one
of them's going to be all drywall
anchors all the time I
think hey brilliant okay where level go
we're going to level up our installation
game wait he got the cool job I feel
like a
sucker wow that really uh that really
goes that really sucks yeah and then
it's see you got the little threaded
hole back there and you screw into that
they'll hold like 200 lb or something
stupid like that screws um yeah they uh
they're big boys doesn't go through that
hole oh no the Ikea hole we can expand
those holes oh you're just going to hold
it like that I mean I could get the
vacuum all righto because the theme of
the day is not finishing anything before
we move on to the next thing now seems
like a good time to talk about this
musical
instrument where do you want the TV
mounted in here break it yeah that's
probably a good idea there used to be a
crap TV mounted on the wall here oh wow
and a crap mount for it I already have
the yeah you know for someone who was
lecturing me about stud spacing and you
know handyman stuff I um oh one of them
is in the do the other one well the
spacing wasn't good enough mhm are you
sure you don't want it at the right
height uh what's the right height you
know how nobody likes to sit in the
front row of the theater yes okay so the
right height is so that you don't
do that I noticed your other TV is above
a fireplace and my mind exploded what
did you do to my room for God's sake
why' you put the garbage up there I me
good at least the shelves are holding up
yeah and and none of the togglers fell
into the
wall that's a that's a real plus okay
one Toggler fell into the wall did it
one second I don't look at what you're
doing and my God you'll still need a
display port cable just
because this is just an Uplink for the
hub for data so this handles all of your
actual display data
yeah no not awesome look how strong they
are we somehow convince Med's lovely
wife to have an access point in our
office so at the very least what's your
favorite color green green okay let's
try this that looks not like green this
go with orange orange okay okay cool
yeah with the frame TV the Samsung uses
this one connect cable and basically you
just put this one cable into the back of
the TV it runs to this box here and with
this box here this is where you can put
all your inputs of HDMI ethernet uh
that's where the one connect cable
connects power pretty much everything
comes through this this box here just
don't trip Colin I don't want to don't
want to work safe
Hazard totally ate it you think we're
onong
yeah I made a big boo boo so we're going
to try again we're going to use the
frames Mount I didn't think it came with
one but it does and I messed up
so what the hell dude you know you told
me that this was no problem all of your
power bars plugged into Power Bars but
you know what I see what do you see I
see a big problem because I'm looking at
this side well that problem is me not
the series power
connection that that you probably have
seen in one of my
videos wait these two were already
plugged into another power strip to be
clear Med is an electrical engineer he
knows what he's doing he knows how to
add up the total current of all the
downstream devices on all of his
different octopuses that are connected
to things and make sure that they don't
exceed the maximum amperage that you
know each one of these sockets can
support except that even though he does
know what he's doing he seems to make a
lot of mistakes what that's what I
do what the hell what is this I I I I
needed the ground connection I use that
for when I walk on my treadmill because
I noticed I pick up charge when I walk
on the threadmill and I have my
headphones in which is connected to the
laptop which is connected to the ground
so when I'm charged it zaps me right in
the ear so I had to ground myself these
are better for running cables along the
direction of the magnet am I the first
person to receive this actually awesome
things you are the first person outside
of Lis Media Group to try these okay I
went to spin this drill and like it just
popped through the drywall and now it's
like well it might be me but why do all
TV companies suck at make making mounts
hey working okay that's a TV hey good
job igmp proxy let's go basically your
TV is IP TV or like TV over IP like the
internet in a normal internet connection
it's unicast unicast is kind of like a
sniper where you're sending the packet
directly to the Target you know where
it's going well that would be very
inefficient if you had a thousand
targets right so instead they use
multicast which is kind of like a
shotgun it shoots all over the place it
doesn't even know where it's going
really your ISP provided router does
know to look for that and so so does the
UniFi ones if you turn on igp proxy
which is what we did and it works which
is awesome because now we don't have to
have any of the ISP crap we can just
have our full ubiquity Network up here
we're using a ubiquity switch light 16
which is way more ports than he needes
as you can see there is four plugged in
I left a couple extra cables over here
if he needs them but it's a lot cleaner
than it was before so you'll notice the
TV is still on the floor did you really
put extra holes in someone's wall again
I put like five extra holes in someone's
wall realistically if you ever watched
our Channel you would have known better
than to let him put hes in the wall I
would have known better guys your fault
yeah hey it's not our fault bye guys for
the wi let's go in all seriousness
though we tried to use that flesh Mount
that medy had mhm it wasn't compatible
with this TV after I had mounted the
wall plate so then we tried the included
frame Mount which is these two brackets
here yeah they look great they look
great the problem is is the drywall
anchors they give you they just free
Spin oh yeah okay as long as the TV
the TV is only pulling down right the
gravity is going this way if it was
going sideway I would be worried we also
chose the mount that makes it as close
to the wall as possible so ideally you
won't have any of that tipping Force
yeah so yeah okay so yeah all we have to
do is we have to line these bolts yeah
up with the circles there oh I think I
got it oh see now you can go sideways oh
yeah you can adjust it that
way well actually let's test it oh my
gosh it's fine don't worry about about
it see I told you you get some of this
clutter out of here a little bit and
like it's not so bad dang that's clean
it really makes the space feel bigger
this is awesome sweet cool well we
actually have to plug it
in and then we'll run it to that Port we
showed earlier if I can turn back down
who is that Shar oh okay you don't know
Shar oh my God I didn't know who the
Beetles were until 6 months ago oh my
God how old are you 12 46 wow you're a
boomer that's what my channel is I an
electro Boomer what do they do I don't
know
who sounds like Nintendo music it's like
I just booted up my Wii for the first
time in 2007 it really does actually
kind of look like art like it doesn't
really lose the brightness on certain
angles like it's pretty good what if I
turn off the light oh yeah
so we're not going to use a mic on an
arm you'll just put on your lab like you
normally do right compared to my old
transmitter from Road perfect oh wow uh
everything fits in this form fact yeah
they've gotten a little smaller yeah
wait we also got him a camera where's
the camera at what is oh my e
R8 oh my god oh that's a fulls size
sensor isn't it don't spit on it I
wouldn't spit on it that camera actually
also upgrades you to 4K let's go maybe
now with the new computer I can edit in
4k too oh oh yeah 100% it this this
thing is going to chew through 4K no
problem what's really cool about the
wireless Pro is that it has the pass
through to your camera so you can
monitor your audio and you can just edit
directly with that but this pack acts as
both a transmitter and a local recorder
so something goes terribly wrong at
least you have the backup audio if you
if you're recording here yeah very first
zap in 4k hey oh my God he Zapped me did
you see
that I almost dropped the camera man
what do you mean almost dropped it you
dropped it well my reflexes are very
fast so I cut it in mid there and then
somehow we ended up bringing you a
Galaxy s23 phone how does that um how
how did we get scammed into this exactly
have you seen this pH I don't know you
ask and you shall receive although my
old phone still works pretty well it's
like a what is it S9 note 9 baby let's
go n gen cheers I was told apparently
you use your phone for videos though
like occasionally just I do but this one
does
1080 all right so I see you okay just
take it actually what I want to talk
about first is this chair I was there I
saw it had strong wife approval Factor
she said she actually liked it uh is
this going to fit here this is this is
well as long as the door closes oh yeah
if you push hard enough
yeah the handles
turn I just turned your monitors to 240
HZ so just go ahead grab your mouse and
just grab this window and drag it around
have you ever tried this before Oh my
God this is moving so fast it's like my
God yeah even if you don't game I
actually find a high refresh rate
display just makes everything feel like
I may just use the computer more
responsive move Windows around with it
oh hey and the thermal camera Works look
at that super cool there's two cameras
right there's the camera that gets the
visible light image and then there's the
camera that gets the infrared image and
then it just kind of superimposes them
but those cameras aren't exactly in the
same place so you can see as I move
around like my eyes kind of you wobble
yeah they kind of wobble around cuz the
cameras have different frame rates right
the thermal camera refreshes at a much
lower rate but the game that looks good
right yeah like the speed is super
smooth origin PC wicked fast great
cooling you barely hear this thing oh my
God that's quick and this is off of the
nas off of the do you know how easy it
makes video editing for
me this is so good thank you uh yeah I
guess now's a good time to thank origin
PC for making this possible they've got
a giveaway you guys can check that out
down below um another opportunity for us
to talk about IQ link all the cool RGB
software so you can download that and
you can set it up to have all kinds of
different colors or maybe your kids can
play with it this is about as topof the
line As It Gets Elijah is a sweet
precious boy and we must protect him
therefore we didn't set up your
saw we also really weren't sure where
this was going to go oh this bad boy
goes on the table here yeah and then and
then wait what on this table yeah see I
I made some planters there if I had
this it would make life easier and maybe
the craftsmanship would be a little more
exciting you know I was just doing it by
hand so it's all sideways you know what
it's really good this looks flipping
awesome do you guys remember the before
in here yeah it looks awesome we got
switch light eight switch Enterprise
eight this is one of the inall six
Enterprises Cloud key and then the
little Gateway light
he's like the ubiquity fairy he just
flits into your house and ubiquities
everything and then he leaves and
there's 10 gig and fast Wi-Fi
everywhere I was getting 300 so it's
pretty good 500 what what did you do
that's hilarious he thought he had like
300 down 100 up because his Wi-Fi sucked
if you guys enjoyed this video maybe
check out the last time we collabed to
debunk Wireless grounding straps yeah
yeah that was that that was yeah pretty
stupid straps or the first time we
collabed to determine whether static
electricity actually kills computer
components yeah that was an enjoyable
video and he's got a follow-up video on
his channel as well so there's lots of
lineus tech tips plus electroboom to go
check out if you guys enjoyed this one
really subscribe to this guy